Date	title	text	brexit
12/1/2019	"The UK has the right to stop the Article 50 process, and the route to a Final Say is clearer than ever"	"Much has changed since the People’s Vote campaign published the Roadmap to a People’s Vote in September last year. That’s why this week we published an updated edition. As the Brexit clock ticks ever more loudly, the case for a people’s vote has grown stronger in at least four ways. First, the terms of the government’s proposed withdrawal “deal” are now known and have been roundly criticised both by those who voted for Brexit and those who did not. A clear majority of MPs are on record as opposing the deal. And no wonder: despite the wording of Article 50, it provides no clear framework for an eventual permanent relationship with our European neighbours but would, for an indefinite period, leave us stuck in the limbo of obeying EU rules in which we no longer had any say. Facing a heavy defeat, the prime minister chose to deny the Commons their “meaningful vote” in December, but the four wasted weeks since then have not changed the deal. The government is now braced for a heavy defeat on Tuesday evening."	1
5/5/2019	There will be no end to the Brexit saga if Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn waste time on another deal	Every crisis presents an opportunity – and Theresa May is trying to turn the Conservatives’ disastrous local election results in England to her advantage. She is warning Labour that the voters’ message to both main parties is that they must “do a deal” to bring the Brexit saga to an end. Ministers are more optimistic than their Labour shadows about a breakthrough when the two sides resume negotiations on Tuesday.	1
16/5/2019	It took years of therapy to understand the issues behind my mental health – to blame it all on social media is naive	"Nothing feels more defining of entering my twenties than the honest conversations I’ve had with female friends about our mental health. From exam stress and low self worth, to self-harm, depression, and anxiety, it feels like we’ve all been through a lot in the last few years. And whether that’s to do with being more open with each other as we grow older, or struggling without the support systems of childhood, one thing often strikes me: it seems like every young woman I know has faced some battle with their mental health."	0
20/5/2019	I was exiled from Rwanda years ago – this is what standing up for the rights of my people cost me	"In June 1994, I witnessed the massacre of three Catholic bishops and a number of priests by soldiers of the Rwandan Patriotic Front. One of those murdered was my uncle. At the time I was a newspaper editor in Rwanda. I had written previously about the persistent problem of injustice in the country where killers are promoted within military ranks and the government administration, and allowed to go on killing thousands of innocent people. This itself had brought me to the attention of government, but after the murder of my uncle, the pressure intensified."	0
23/5/2019	These European elections are a chance for the progressive parties to recapture lost ground	"For a set of elections that were never supposed to happen, the selection of the new British members of the European Parliament has assumed an unprecedented importance. Ever since direct elections to the then European Assembly were inaugurated in 1979, these contests have rarely drawn much of a turnout or much excitement, especially in Britain. Now, for the first time – and not a little ironically – the turnout in Britain may be higher than the EU average. Certainly they are the centre of national attention."	0
13/9/2019	I thought about my time as a soldier when I heard the Supreme Court's asylum decision this week	"Late Wednesday night, the Supreme Court released an order essentially allowing the Trump administration to bar most Central American migrants from seeking asylum in the United States while the relevant court cases are being considered. I've been processing this news for the past day or so, and I keep coming back to the same thing. It's all I can think about, really."	0
16/9/2019	A written constitution might be a good idea – but it won’t save us from the idiots	"Could a written constitution save us from the worst instincts of a gangster government? As the double headed monster that is Dominic Cummings/Boris Johnson torches Britain’s unwritten one, the prospect is being raised seriously by serious people. It’s nice to see we still have a few of them in a Britain whose prime minister compares himself to a bright green Marvel Comics character. "	0
2/6/2019	Donald Trump wants the UK to be weaker – he’s the last person we should look to for advice on Brexit	"The apparently nonsensical and undiplomatic utterings of Donald Trump should be listened to with great interest.    While the nationalists crow at the support for their isolationist chiefs, they do not realise that Trump is actively supporting the UK’s demise."	1
27/1/2019	There’s been a drop in women getting smear tests – prudish British sexual attitudes are costing lives	"With the number of UK women attending cervical cancer screenings at a 21-year low, Jo’s Cervical Cancer Trust recently conducted a survey to find out why. The results showed that the prevailing reason why those surveyed had avoided or skipped screening was not fear (71 per cent) or feeling vulnerable (75 per cent), but “embarrassment” (81 per cent), with women citing anxieties about the smell and appearance of their vulva. Many have immediately jumped to lecturing women, saying that their embarrassment is “unwarranted” or even “silly”, but this fails to address quite why so many feel the same way. The fact is that in Britain, our cultural aversion to openly discussing gynaecological and sexual health is the culprit. It’s cultivated shame, embarrassment and, consequently, a dangerous decline in screening numbers."	0
27/5/2019	Nicola Sturgeon will see the European election results as a clear message for another Scottish referendum	"If the EU parliamentary election results are anything to go by, the UK’s Brexit divisions are not going to heal any time soon. This should be unsurprising given that, five years on from Scotland’s independence referendum, the Scottish electorate remains firmly divided on its future within the UK. Last Thursday, 45 per cent of Scottish voters backed pro-independence parties – the SNP and the Scottish Greens – whereas the unionist parties tallied 55 per cent, mirroring 2014’s referendum result. After more than a decade in government in Holyrood, the SNP soared to 38 per cent, polling 23 points ahead of their nearest rivals and earning more votes than the Scottish Conservatives, the Liberal Democrats and Scottish Labour combined."	1
19/2/2019	"Shamima Begum could have been a powerful tool for Britain. By stripping her of her citizenship, we have failed ourselves"	"Is Britain any safer now that Shamima Begum’s citizenship has been revoked? The answer has to be ‘no’. Remorse or not, there should never have been any question about whether Shamima Begum of Bethnal Green would be allowed back into Britain. Certainly, so drastic a measure as to revoke her British citizenship reflects poorly on a country that regularly requests others to repatriate their illegal immigrants.  In May, a proposed bilateral deal for India to facilitate the return of thousands of its illegal immigrants ran into trouble partly because New Delhi considered some of them a security risk. The same sort of consideration – only heightened because of the Isis connection – seems to have come into play during Shamima Begum’s case, going by the comment recently made by Alex Younger, head of MI6, that Britons who went to join Isis are “potentially very dangerous”."	0
14/7/2019	"There’s an art to being a ‘respectable’ spectator at Wimbledon – but few, including me, have mastered it"	"“Da Simona, Da Simona, Da Simona” is how I’d sum up my experience at Centre Court yesterday, watching the women’s singles final. The cries came from Romanian fans all around the echoey arena, but one supporter in particular captured the hearts, and darting glances, of my block – and not because we loved her, but because we wanted her to shut up. Admittedly, I’m a Serena Williams fan through and through, and watching her play live has been on my bucket list for years. So, the result yesterday wasn’t exactly what I wanted. Being a truly fair spectator though, I cheered when Simona Halep scored some of those points – and let’s be honest, she really did play “out of her mind” as Williams called it in her runner-up speech – and I applauded when she, deservedly, picked up her first Wimbledon trophy."	0
5/7/2019	Conservation must work for communities	"Everyone wants to save the rainforest, don’t they? Of course, most people do, but if you live in a rural African village there are other more pressing priorities of an immediate nature. Protecting the environment won’t be too high on the list. Last week, I spoke at the UN Africa Wildlife Economy Summit at Victoria Falls and it brought  home to me that the people who really need to care about the rainforest are the ones with the means and influence to ensure it works for local people too.  "	0
24/4/2019	"From Ann Widdecombe to Sargon of Akkad, the EU elections are starting to look like a dinner party from hell"	"There’s an old saying that a country gets the politicians it deserves. If so, then I wonder about the Change UK candidates having to resign after a matter of hours on the party slate due to various past misdeeds and mistweets. This, after all, is supposed to be the group that will fix our “broken politics”, but which seems to have quite a few broken reputations of its own littering the scene. Indeed, the candidates for the European parliament generally have an eccentric air to them. I also ask myself what the good people of the southwest of England (plus Gibraltar) have done to deserve the most, shall we say, diverse group of candidates ever assembled for a democratic election."	0
12/6/2019	Leading conservationist appointed to Gabon’s government	"Ask someone to think of an African elephant, and what most people visualise is actually a savannah elephant. Those giants of the open plain striding across landscapes like the Serengeti. But it is not the only elephant species in Africa. Smaller - and rarer than its better-known cousin - is the forest elephant, which has made its home weaving through the continent’s rainforests"	0
19/4/2019	Liz Truss is playing fast and loose with the truth as Brexit pushes Britain into bargain bin territory	“Another demonstration the rest of the world has huge confidence in Britain. As do I.” So tweeted Liz Truss in response to a report from consulting firm EY that highlights Britain as a hot tip for international companies on the hunt for deals. 	1
29/5/2019	Boris Johnson vs Michael Gove will be the most spectacular political battle in years	"“We’re looking at our next prime minister,” one admirer of Jeremy Hunt told me, as we watched the foreign secretary practise his lines for a Tory leadership election. “We have to recognise our job is not just to unite our party but unite the country,” Hunt told a reception for the Onward think tank at last autumn’s Tory conference. He called for “a true Brexit for the 52 per cent but also a generous Brexit for the 48 per cent”. My ears pricked up at that; the latter was something Theresa May never did, to her cost."	1
29/5/2019	John Bercow is the best bet we’ve got to protect the sovereignty of parliament and the people	"Probably the best reason to keep John Bercow on as speaker of the House of Commons is that, politics being what they are these days, our MPs probably couldn’t be relied upon to choose a successor.  This is more than a quip. As we discovered with the “indicative votes” on Brexit, the Commons works on a process of motions and amendments, and this is what has been used over the decades, if not centuries, to elect a series of speakers. The MPs do not vote via a conventional ballot paper for the different personalities on offer, but through amendments to a motion. It is not entirely satisfactory, but hasn’t caused great trouble in the past. It might now."	1
6/8/2019	The Tories are flinging us into a debt-laden Brexit calamity – the least they can do is give the people a Final Say	"On 15 September 2008, when Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy, it marked the beginning of the global financial crisis. Right now, we are hurtling towards a new calamity, entirely of our own making, and apparently unwilling to ask the people if they are happy to come along for the ride. In truth, the disaster that befell the world economy more than a decade ago was much more than a financial crisis. It was a social and political crisis – a landmark moment in the erosion of trust between citizens, authorities and experts in those countries most affected."	1
5/7/2019	We’ve all heard of a green new deal. But this is what it will actually look like	"Climate breakdown is already here, it is just unevenly distributed. From extreme weather events to rising seas, from collapsing biodiversity and soil erosion, the effects are already devastating many communities, livelihoods, and ecosystems, particularly those in the global south. Yet unless we begin rapidly and radically decarbonising the global economy in the next decade,  we all but guarantee rising temperatures and the acceleration of accelerating and interconnected forms of natural systems breakdown."	0
7/3/2019	We need to stop sexualising jihad – women like Shamima Begum are so much more than brides of terror	"The UK has been gripped by a moral panic around the case of Shamima Begum and the problem of so-called “jihadi brides”. Internationally we are waking up to the role of women in jihadism – some even going as far as to suggest that women are the future threat from Isis. But is this just jumping on the Begum bandwagon when the role of women in jihadism has been misrepresented for years? The Bethnal Green schoolgirl, who at 15 left the UK to join Isis in 2015, wants to return to the UK. Begum’s case is a gauge of the public debate and the pervasive and problematic narrative of “jihadi brides” that detracts from the truth."	0
30/5/2019	"Like Simon Cowell, I hate homework and so does my son. It's damaging his mental health"	"Last week my six-year-old son, George, missed his Tuesday evening swimming class because we had homework to finish. Yes, we missed a lesson that he loves – as well as being good for his overall health, it could also save his life one day – so that he could draw a picture of a wombat and write some facts about it in our “learning together” book that has to be completed every term.  The reality, which I’m sure many parents will recognise, was that I drew a wombat and George reluctantly coloured it in. Then he copied a few sentences that I had written for him, which took him the best part of an hour as his writing was interspersed with crying (his) and coaxing (mine) followed by shouting (both of us). If by “learning together” the school means that we are both learning that we hate homework, then it’s a pretty good title."	0
12/7/2019	I spoke to people worried they'll be targeted by ICE raids this weekend. They are terrified of Donald Trump	"Starting this Sunday, US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents will resume immigration raids, targeting approximately 2,000 people who have been ordered deported or have missed a mandated court appearance. The operation will be carried out in 10 major cities across the US and will include “collateral” deportations, or deportations of undocumented migrants who weren’t specially targeted for deportation but were caught up in the raids.   It isn’t the first time these raids have taken place – the Obama administration stepped up family detention and deportation operations starting in 2014 — but announcing the raids is new. "	0
14/1/2019	"Remarkably, Theresa May is still blatantly ignoring the urgency of the Brexit deadline – here's why"	"Parliament has taken back control of the Brexit process and some don’t like it. The Sunday Times front page carried the headline “A Very British Coup” with a piece that claimed there is a cross-party backbench “plot”. The truth is that the UK’s legislature has historically, more often than not, been the executive’s poodle. But no longer – this is not a coup, it is parliamentary democracy in action and it’s about time too.  Our job as legislators is not to rubber-stamp whatever the government wants, quite the opposite. We are determined to ensure the House of Commons does not have to dance to the tune of ministers who want to run down the clock and blackmail MPs into voting for the prime minister’s withdrawal agreement and political declaration on the future trading relationship with the EU, which her own economic impact assessments tell us will make our country poorer."	1
11/10/2019	The Top 10: Parliament buildings	"Thanks to Allan Faulds, who compiled a heroic Twitter thread of the buildings housing the lower house of parliament of all 193 countries of the world, which is well worth reading in full and very funny. Here, in no particular order, are my 10 favourites.  1. Hungary (above). As Allan says, “This is it. This is the parliament. A legislative building without compare.” Gothic. Tick. Dome. Tick. Red. Tick. He also says it is “unutterably gorgeous inside too”, and I’ll take his word for it. "	0
1/5/2019	Why is Westminster Abbey holding a bizarre thanksgiving for Britain’s nuclear weapons?	"There is to be a ceremony at Westminster Abbey on 3 May in celebration of 50 years of submarine nuclear weaponry. Two hundred Anglican clerics have publicly condemned the service – in their view it should not go ahead because it is at odds with church policy to “work tirelessly” for a world free of nuclear weapons. I think they’re right and the Abbey has got this very wrong. These submarines are nuclear weapon submarines. Their crews, trained to obey orders, are ready to fire missiles whose warheads will bring destruction to faraway places and people far beyond the scale of Hiroshima or Nagasaki."	0
22/3/2019	Theresa May’s only aim is to keep the Conservative Party together at all costs	"Those who say Theresa May doesn’t have a plan for Brexit are completely wrong. May has had a plan from the outset and she has rigorously followed it, come what may.  "	1
4/1/2019	"Mea Culpa: Questions to which the answer is, ‘You tell me’"	"I have written a whole book about headlines in the form of Questions To Which The Answer Is No, but there are other headlines posed as questions that are equally deserving of gentle mockery. Generally, this kind of article should either tell the reader the answer to a question, or at least teasingly suggest that the answer might not be the one the reader is expecting.  Otherwise the reader might just think, to take some recent examples, “I don’t know, why is there hostility to a US exit from Syria? How did the deadly Indonesia tsunami creep past early warning systems? Why does everyone think Muslims hate Christmas?” "	0
10/7/2019	Boris Johnson’s refusal to budge on Brexit has backed him into a corner – and a general election will be the only way out	"“Optimism is not enough.” That’s the view in Whitehall, articulated by one senior civil servant, of what is seen as Boris Johnson’s very thin plan for Brexit. True, Johnson got a cheer from the studio audience at last night’s head-to-head ITV debate when he neatly hit back at Jeremy Hunt’s claim that he was “peddling optimism”. Johnson replied: “I think we need a bit of optimism.” Previously, he has spoken about using “positive energy” to break the Brexit impasse."	1
14/1/2019	Trump is rattling sabres over Iran while quietly echoing the Obama playbook	"Donald Trump wants you to think he is pressuring Iran with an iron fist.  His secretary of state Mike Pompeo sounded bullish when he announced in Cairo last week that the goal was to expel “every last Iranian boot” from Syria, crushing the Iranian power that emerged from President Barack Obama’s “dire misjudgements”. "	0
16/1/2019	How can we tackle this Brexit mess? Give the north of England more money	"With Brexit dominating the headlines, the pressing issue facing local leaders like myself is how to prepare our communities for the challenges that we may face over the coming months and years. But for too long politicians have failed to address the lack of investment in the north. With Britain’s imminent departure from the European Union, this is something that we can no longer stand for. I met with the chancellor last week to press him on the importance of renewed and fair investment in the north of England. Much of our predicament is a consequence of the historic legacies of deindustrialisation and the concentration of economic and political power in London and the southeast. This continues to leave its lasting mark on many communities: long term unemployment, a lack of well-paid jobs, boarded up shops and empty town centres are an all too familiar sight in many of Britain's towns and cities."	1
4/2/2019	Forget how 'boring' Maroon 5’s Super Bowl show was – it was a missed opportunity to hold the NFL accountable	"Last night, 100 million people watched as Maroon 5, Travis Scott and Big Boi took music’s biggest stage for the Super Bowl half-time show. Headlines skewered their performance, calling it at best “inessential,” and at worst “the worst ever.” But I wasn’t concerned about Adam Levine stripping off his shirt, or his awkward dancing next to Travis Scott. I was waiting for the band to take a knee. I started a Change.org petition asking Maroon 5 to boycott the NFL and drop out of the Super Bowl half-time show. When they confirmed and added Travis Scott and Big Boi to the bill, 115,000 people joined me in asking them to take a knee in solidarity with Colin Kaepernick. In his only pre-show interview with ET, Adam Levine promised that those who kneel with Kaepernick would be heard."	0
23/9/2019	"Inside the UN General Assembly, diplomats like me are watching a new world order emerge"	"Roll up, roll up, the circus of the year comes into town again. The barricades are in place and a swarm of blue-shirted police officers and security guards are primed and ready. Midtown Manhattan will be in gridlock and when the circus moves on, around a $1bn will be injected into Manhattan’s already burgeoning economy. The big draws of the 74th edition of the General Assembly will be Greta Thunberg and the climate emergency, the ongoing “will he/won’t he blow up” saga of President Trump, and work towards ending the proxy war between Saudi Arabia and Iran in Yemen – and with so much focus on such huge issues, much will be missed. Just as important are the topics which usually slip under the radar."	0
26/7/2019	The Top 10: Fun Plurals	"This idea was from Max Tundra, who offered the odd-numbered ones. Steve Hacking suggested there must be two of him: Max Tundrae.  1. Volkswagen Golves. Boris Aguilera also suggested Volkswagen Poli. Mark Goldsack mentioned Ford Foci. "	0
15/2/2019	"Yes, Shamima Begum has made mistakes – but it’s time for this misguided teenager to return home"	"Two teenage girls whose lives have been driven by their beliefs made headline news this week. One sits stateless and heavily pregnant in a squalid refugee camp in Northern Syria, begging to come back to Britain. The other young woman refuses to attend school on Fridays and stages a weekly protest outside the Swedish parliament, holding a placard reading “School Strike for the Climate”. Greta Thunberg’s campaign to force adults to stop prevaricating and act to save the planet has inspired thousands of like-minded young people. School strikes on Fridays have taken place in Belgium, Australia, Switzerland and the USA – and this week, Great Britain. Events culminate on 15 March with a global protest."	0
23/9/2019	Only Boris Johnson could get away with a scandal as damning as this – and that’s precisely the problem	"At virtually any other peacetime moment in our island story, juicy revelations about the prime minister and a showgirl, including what appear to be unusual financial arrangements, would be the talk of the town.  You can imagine, I think, what might have happened had the allegations about Boris Johnson’s relationship with the former model and businesswoman Jennifer Acuri had, instead, been about Tony Blair during the full pomp of new Labour. Or the happily married David Cameron? Or, admittedly less likely, Gordon Brown, the sort of chap who probably thinks a pole dancer is Donald Tusk on a night out. "	0
16/5/2019	"If you think Beto is 'born to do it' and Kamala is a 'great VP for Joe', you need to change your attitude. And fast"	"The 2020 election should be hailed as historic, because it is. Of the 23 Democrats currently in the running, six are female, with frontrunners like Elizabeth Warren and Kamala Harris working hard to lay out their platforms to the public. But a quick glance at the headlines paints a very different, unbalanced picture. We see female candidates still taking a back seat to their male opponents all too often. Beto O'Rourke landed a (controversial) splashy Vanity Fair cover in March to kick off his campaign, and not even two weeks ago, a smiling Pete Buttigieg posed with his husband on the cover of Time, compete with the headline “First Family.” And, of course, Joe Biden is still ahead in the polls. No female candidate (yet) has landed a magazine cover. Instead, female candidates seem to be up against something far more sinister than politics itself: the relatability factor."	0
5/1/2019	The fate of Gatwick and the failings of armed forces recruitment tell a sorry tale about a country that wanted to ‘take back control’	"The closure of Gatwick, the second largest airport in Britain, just before Christmas after the sighting of a mysterious drone near the runway, received wall-to-wall coverage from the British media, dominating the news agenda for the best part of a week. Contrast this with the limited interest shown when a majority stake in the airport was sold by its owners to a French company. A consortium led by the US investment fund Global Infrastructure Partners, which included the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority and Australia’s sovereign wealth fund, were paid £2.9bn by the French group, Vinci Airports."	0
27/1/2019	Democrats have called Trump’s bluff – it’s time for MPs to do the same with Theresa May’s no-deal Brexit threat	"If you’ve sat at the table for 20 minutes and still don’t know who the sucker is, runs an ancient poker maxim, the sucker is you. What goes for poker goes in spades for ultimate stakes political negotiating, as confirmed by the popular transatlantic slapstick double act of Trump and May."	1
12/7/2019	Straight women need to stop claiming they'd ‘go gay’ for Megan Rapinoe if they really want to be LGBT+ allies	"As the United States takes home the trophy for the Women’s Football World Cup for the fourth time, social media is buzzing with adulation for sports superstar and everyone’s crush of the hour: co-captain Megan Rapinoe.  It’s impossible to navigate the internet without stumbling across some version of the “I’m straight but…”, or “I would turn gay for…” proclamations that were rife when Ruby Rose joined hit TV show Orange Is The New Black three years ago, or pretty much any time Kristen Stewart does anything. "	0
25/6/2019	Boris Johnson is letting Iain Duncan Smith run his campaign – we might as well give Hunt the keys to No 10 now	"So that’s that, then. Get your money on Jeremy Hunt now. You can still get about 4/1 at the bookies. Surely it’s all over for Boris Johnson. He has committed by far his greatest blunder so far, at least in this leadership contest. He has appointed Iain Duncan Smith as his campaign manager."	0
3/10/2019	Brussels insiders tell me they’re about to reject Boris Johnson’s new Brexit deal – and this is why	"First, the good news for Boris Johnson. His long-awaited Brexit plan would probably be approved by the Commons. That would be quite a feat as it includes many elements of Theresa May’s withdrawal agreement, which was rejected three times by majorities of 230, 149 and 58. But now the bad news: it is very unlikely to be put to a Commons vote in its current form because the EU looks set to reject it."	1
27/1/2019	"If Britain chooses to stay in the EU, the government must then embark on a mass house-building programme"	"Each year, around 10 per cent of the entire spending on welfare by the UK government is spent on housing benefit: for comparison, that’s 10 times the amount spent on unemployment benefits, and a quarter of what is spent on pensions, which represents the bulk of social security expenditure. The vast majority of housing benefit is paid to private landlords, by people who are in work, but not earning enough to afford a roof over their head without government assistance."	1
26/8/2019	Live-streaming ‘Paedophile hunting’ is on the rise – but are people right to take the law into their own hands?	"Since becoming prime minister, Boris Johnson has made promises to the public through several law and order announcements which will affect England and Wales. One proposal is that 20,000 more police officers will be hired by 2022. There is pressure on Johnson to deliver on this recruitment plan following mounting scrutiny from both members of the cabinet, and a proportion of the general public who equate a link between police numbers and the increase of violent crime."	0
14/1/2019	White feminism's failings handed Megyn Kelly a $69m payout after she was fired for racism	"Once one of America’s most sought-after hosts, Megyn Kelly – along with her former network, NBC – has today come under heavy fire for accepting a $69 million pay-out after she was fired for comments defending the use of blackface. The astronomical settlement has, quite rightly, faced widespread criticism. It seems like an incredibly unfair turn of events, but it’s also an important opportunity to take a moment and consider the forces at play that got us to this point. In a blind desire to transform Kelly into an unrequited liberal feminist icon, it was the denial of her reactionary and often racist views that gave rise to her power. As a white person and a feminist, I’m ashamed of how still in 2019 true intersectionality seems as far from reach as it ever was."	0
3/1/2019	"As a parent, I’m concerned about my kids’ screen time – but am I a hypocrite?"	"I am not, for the most part, a technophobe. True, I’m not at all convinced that technology has made our lives better in every respect (is anyone?) – but the balance is in its favour, across a whole range of measures in a multitude of sectors. And for the most part I know what I’m doing when it comes to electronic devices, though I’m always anxious about the possibility of breaking them (even if I rarely do). Nevertheless, I’m painfully conscious that I don’t have the intuitive grasp of everyday technology that is evident among those under the age of 30 who did not know a time before mobile phones. In fact, forget mobiles, before I went to university in 1997 I don’t think I knew what emails were."	0
30/7/2019	We are trying to renew British politics and strike a blow for democracy – now we need your help	"Our democracy is under threat and needs a shot in the arm if it is to be fit for coming generations. The Citizens’ Convention on UK Democracy intends to do just that. The Convention will run an ambitious, impartial, two-year deliberation on democratic reform in the UK. The first stage of the process begins today, with plans for how we will create a new and effective interface between the public and politicians. This project is about creating a vibrant process, and not blinkered campaigning for specific policy reforms. The policies that emerge will come from our citizen participants."	1
10/10/2019	I was counting my sins in a synagogue during the Halle attack. It feels like I was at the scene of the crime	"I’m not religious, but I still went to synagogue yesterday for Yom Kippur, the holiest day in the Jewish calendar. This I did for two reasons: to keep my dad company (my father who art in Streatham, not my father who art in heaven) and because I like the festival’s self-improvement vibe – spending one day a year thinking about the bad things you’ve done and trying to do better. I was counting my sins while studiously not checking my phone when the rabbi stopped his sermon to softly mention there had just been a deadly shooting at a synagogue in the German city of Halle."	0
8/1/2019	"Yes, let’s build more social housing – and show that we’ve learned the lessons of the Grenfell tragedy"	David Lloyd George never actually promised “homes fit for heroes” after the First World War. The Liberal prime minister’s pledge was that his coalition government would construct “habitations fit for the heroes who have won the war”.	0
11/9/2019	"In the Democratic debate this week, expect Biden to come under attack — but not by Liz Warren or Bernie"	"It looks like this week’s Democratic debate will be another uncomfortable night for former VP Joe Biden and an opportunity for the rest of the candidates, especially Sen. Elizabeth Warren (Mass.) and Sen. Bernie Sanders (Vt.), to shine. With the 10 highest polling candidates onstage (out of 20 still technically in the running), the third, one-night-only debate will also provide a chance for one of the other Democratic hopefuls to step firmly into fourth place. Fourth place is important, because it means becoming a potential vice-president on the ticket alongside the next Democratic presidential nominee. "	0
20/5/2019	"As an American doctor, I think you deserve to hear the truth about our healthcare system"	"Every year, American taxpayers spend more than $39bn through the National Institutes of Health to fund medical research to discover new lifesaving treatments and drugs. American patients risk their health and sometimes even jeopardize their lives to test whether these new drugs are safe and effective during clinical trials.  When the time comes to reap the benefits, however, Americans pay much higher prices for the same drugs that patients within universal healthcare systems overseas can obtain at much lower cost. This is in spite of the fact that Americans sacrifice so much more to help bring these drugs to market. "	0
25/4/2019	The Shakespeare cult has steamrollered past better writers in our schools – and he’s not even that good	"There are a few things that you are just not allowed to dislike. The Beatles, for instance. David Attenborough programmes. And as I found out today, Shakespeare. But the thing is, I don’t like Shakespeare, and I especially disliked studying it. Which is why I agree with Hilary Mantel that Shakespeare shouldn’t be an exam topic on the UK school syllabus."	0
7/5/2019	"The truth is that in the Trump tax return controversy, everyone is in the wrong"	"Donald Trump is ready to engage in another battle with Congress, and this time it’s over his tax returns. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin sent a letter to House Ways and Means Committee chairman, Representative Richard Neal (D-MA), refusing to turn over six years of President Trump’s tax returns — likely setting up a court battle that will make its way to the Supreme Court."	0
23/1/2019	Theresa May should have resigned long ago. We deserve better than this	"The catastrophic handling of Brexit highlights to what extent our political process is now mired in the mud. Theresa May has suffered no fewer than 27 Commons defeats, 10 of them in connection with Brexit. In no previous era of British politics could such a calamitous prime minister have survived such a weight of defeats, including the humiliating historic loss she recently suffered over the withdrawal agreement."	1
9/2/2019	Christopher Chope's objection to FGM laws is a cruel affront to survivors like me	"The earliest law that was put in place to tackle FGM in the UK was the Prohibition of Female Circumcision Act 1985, which was replaced by the Female Genital Mutilation Act 2003. 34 years later, on 1 February 2019, the UK had its first successful prosecution and many survivors, activists and those in government, reacted with a curious mix of joy and pain. Pain because it reminded us that we had all failed a three-year-old girl, given the prosecution of her mother will never give back her full agency or a life without pain, confusion and sadness; and joy because it seemed finally as if the severity of this issue was being taken seriously and the slow arm of justice had finally come into force.   "	0
15/3/2019	Populism is at the heart of the Christchurch attacks	"The New Zealand attacks, once again, are an attempt to radicalise religion and divide us. The far-right supporter who is alleged to have murdered 49 people in Christchurch publicly announced his hate for Muslims and immigrants. He also praised Donald Trump, saying he was a “symbol of renewed white identity and common purpose”, while his guns had the names of Christian leaders who had fought Muslims written across them. Populists are attempting to sow division between “us” and “them” – to create a culture war. We must stop this ideology now, before it grows out of control."	0
30/7/2019	Manchester had the perfect response to Boris – they know his no-deal Brexit could lay waste to the north	"Egotists like Trump, Johnson and Farage need the roar of the crowd to validate their egos. The most telling moment of Boris Johnson’s speech on Saturday at Manchester’s Science and Industry Museum, was when he beseeched the audience: “feel free to applaud.” His plea came after his re-announcements of the high-speed rail link between Leeds and Manchester, and more money for towns, fell flat and was met with silence. And who could blame the audience for shrugging at his cod-Churchillian rhetoric? For them it was deja vu."	1
25/6/2019	Trump's America is in better shape than Brexit Britain. That's why I decided to move	"I’m a British Muslim who recently chose Trump’s America over Brexit Britain when I moved to Washington DC. And I don’t regret my decision. Trump's America is in much better shape than Brexit Britain. The US economy and stock market is booming, while the UK is delaying the inevitable crash. "	1
30/5/2019	Theresa May's belated tuition fee pledge is a slap in the face to students	"We’ve all been there, haven’t we? With deadline day fast approaching, our university assessments quickly become an exercise in how many words you can write, as opposed to the quality of your work. The Augar Review review of post-18 education and funding in England – all 20,000 words of it – doesn’t have the feel of a slapdash piece of work. But the sheer fact that it’s been rushed out in the dying days of Theresa May’s premiership, like some sort of fig leaf to cover an absence of a domestic agenda for the last three years, does."	0
1/10/2019	The Deep State conspiracy theory is making us all play defense	"For years after 9/11, fair-minded people would sometimes have to battle it out with a conspiracy theorists about who perpetrated the attacks. It almost always centered around George W Bush: one particular pervasive theory was that he ignored warnings as an excuse to go to war. Others suggested that a shadowy government insider might have helped coordinate terrorism (famous YouTube videos claimed that the World Trade Center was bombed from within, for example.) We know that these rumors have no basis in reality. But conspiracy theories are often not flat-out lies. It's easier to get people to believe a conspiracy theory if it contains one or more truths. It is how some of President Trump's supporters have pushed and managed to convince others of the ""Deep State"" conspiracy to bring down the Trump presidency. "	0
